RANDY: You made this mess.
And if Luke dies,
that's on you, too.
BARNUM: Hey, hey, Joe.
Hey, Joe, let him go.
ALISHA: I'll talk to Sheridan.
She's a strong girl.She is.
I'm more worried about you.
I'm fine.
I can only imagine
how awful it is
not knowing
where your mom is.
"Make sure no hunter
ever feels safe again."
Joe, this is our guy.
Wolverine.
These people
have already tried
to kill me twice.
And where we're going next,
it'll all make sense.
You're not
gonna believe it.
Randy Pope is Wolverine.
[THUDS][RANDY GRUNTS]
Did you kill Frank Urman?
No, I swear.
[SCREECHES]
[SQUAWKING]
[WHISPERING] Thank you.
God bless you.
[BIRD SCREECHES]
STUMPY: Hello? Help!
[GUN CHAMBER WINDING]
We've got an emergency!
Can you hear me, mister?
Hey!
Hey, mister?
What's the problem?
STUMPY: It's old Paul.
He seized up
and started foaming
at the mouth.
You're the first person
we've seen for miles.
He's my dad,
and I'm not
gonna lose him.
We need a doctor!
STUMPY: What the hell
are you doing?
You're not
gonna help us?
The fastest way to a doctor
is to keep floating.
STUMPY: Are you serious?
I'll call for an ambulance.
If his dad dies,
that blood is on your hands!
Now.
[GUN FIRES TWICE][BOTH GROAN]
[GRUNTS]
[GUN FIRES]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
Hey.
They just got here.
Barnum's booking
Randy right now.Great.
You should come in, too.
You know
this Wolverine account
better than anyone.
We could use you
in questioning.
I... I just don't
understand, Joe.
I don't understand why Randy
would kill all these men.
Yeah, I know.
Doesn't make a lick
of sense to me, either.
I feel like I have more
questions now
than I did before.
Well, Randy's
got the answers
and we've got Randy, so...
I don't wanna hear this crap.
Do you understand me?
RANDY: I know.
Hey, I didn't do it!
Stop!Hey, what's he been saying?
Hey, hey, hey.
Take it easy, all right?
Just a little thing
called "police business."
Of which you have none.
JOE: What are you
talking about?
It's Marybeth
and I that broke
this case.
That's funny.
I seem to recall
that it was me
doing all that fancy
computer analysis.
Very advanced stuff.
MARYBETH: You've got
to be kidding me, right?
You just plugged in
information
that we brought you.
JOE: He doesn't
get a say anyway.
The governor
put Game and Fish
in charge of this case.
Get out of the way.
Yeah, well, Game and Fish
were also behind it.
Well, that's
got to be an all-time
greatest screwup, huh?
Yeah.Hey. Take it easy.
What are you doing?
I'm tired of you
disrespecting my authority.
Joe. Joe!Pickett, I'm not joking.
Joe! Joe!BARNUM: Hey,
what's going on here?
He's stepping on my foot.Hey, hey, hey!
What the hell?
Back up.
Both of you back up!
Sorry, he's...
[PANTING] Sorry.
He's not letting me
back there.
I know what he's doing
because I told him to do it.
Why?Why?
This is why.
You're a live wire, Joe.
You come into my station
and start smacking
my deputy up,
now granted he's not
the smartest guy
in the world,
but he is still the law.I am the law.
There are
some big questions
that need to be asked.
I just want to talk to him.
Just want to talk to him.
And what?
So you can choke him out
like you did last time?
You know,
you almost
killed him, Pickett?
Oh!
So you... You didn't tell
your lady about
that one, huh?
Boy. Pickett has a real
firm grip on this...
BARNUM: That's enough, Deputy.
Look, I'm grateful
for the help
you two gave.
I really am.
But we caught the guy.
It's done. Okay?
And I can't risk you
going in there, flipping out
and giving
the judge an excuse
to let Randy walk.
I am fine.You're not fine.
Now, look, I get it.
Chasing a killer
is thrilling.
It's addictive, even.
But catching 'em?
It's not.
The high is over,
it's hard to let it go.
But I'm asking you
to do just that.
Joe, please.
Okay, take all those
feelings you got inside,
go home.
See your lovely kids,
and just put it
out of your mind.
Just let it go.
I got this, Joe.
I got it.
[SOFTLY] Joe
Marybeth,
just take him home.
[EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION]
[EXHALES]
I didn't almost kill him.
He was talking about Luke
and I didn't even hurt him.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY NEARBY]
Didn't hurt him.
Okay.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Joe, why don't you
go home?
Get some rest.
I'll get the girls. Okay?
No, I'll get 'em.
It'll be good
to see 'em.
I'm okay.
Joe?I'm okay.
[KNOCKING AT DOOR][GASPS]
You're early.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was
in the neighborhood.
How are you?
Fine.
Yeah. Everything's...
If I'm not overstepping,
you don't sound fine.
I'm just feeling some...
Um...
Frustration, about work.
Wanna come in for a few?
[EXHALES]
And so I'm just...
I mean...
I'm struggling a bit
knowing what
I'm supposed to do
with all these
rising...
Feelings?
Sure.
I guess.
Maybe it's not
about containing them.
Maybe it's about
accepting them.
Or accepting yourself.
Why are you so scared
of putting your
emotions out there?
[SCOFFS] I'm...
I'm just not very good
at this emotional stuff.
Well, maybe I was...
I was better off
before I even started
opening it all up.
I... I was.
Like, when you almost
got yourself killed?
Twice?[SCOFFS]
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Have you ever put
any thought into
why you're talking
to a child counselor
instead of, you know,
one for grown-ups?
We're not really, "talking."
I mean, we're just...
You know, talking.
Mmm-hmm.
Well, if we were talking,
I might say something like,
maybe there's
a child part of you
that really
needs to be heard.
Maybe that's why
you're here.
Yeah, I don't
really think that's...
Okay, try something
with me.
Close your eyes
and imagine Young Joe
is here with you.
What would
Little Joe have to say?
you wanna tell him?
Try.
This whole thing
makes me feel so stupid.
Don't worry about it.
It's just you and I.
Close your eyes
and think,
what would
Young Joe want to tell you?
[SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING]
[SHOUTING] Why won't
you listen to me?
[GASPS SOFTLY]
Phew!
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
I have to get my kids.
Uh, um, well, it was nice
talking to you again, Joe.
So, where is this
magical place
where all my questions
will be answered?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
It's not a magical place.
It's just the home
of an old friend.
You sure he's
your friend, right?
NATE: Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, you know,
we've got a little baggage,
but...[GUN COCKING]
ROBBIE: You're
damn right, we do.Robbie.
Hands in the air.
Let's go.
Your gun, on the ground.All right, now,
just wait a second.
You didn't
give me a sec!
NATE: I'm gonna
turn around.
Alright?
Listen, it was
a misunderstanding,
brother.
Well, understand this.
If you don't kiss
the dirt right now,
I'm gonna paint these
goddamn woods
with your brain!
Drop the gun.
Now!
I'll do you
one better.
You guys want some dinner?
I bagged a couple rabbits.[SCOFFS]
You asshole! Man!
Man, scared is not
a good look on you,
brother.
I still look
better than you.
[CHUCKLES]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Good to see you, man.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]ROBBIE: You too, man.
Good to see you.
Oh, wow.
Oh, Cricket.
This is Robbie Jax.
Yeah, I'd say I'm charmed,
but I'm actually
just annoyed.
[BOTH LAUGH]
How you
do that to me, bro?
I would!
You got me!
LUCY: Come on, Maxine.
[MAXINE BARKS]
Hi.What's for dinner?
Mom, I'm starving.
Oh, I'm...
I'm not sure yet.
I guess
we're having chips.Yes!
Come on. Come on.
Let's go.
We're gonna have
chips for dinner.LUCY: Chips for dinner.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Just... Just thinking.
Same.
I was...I spoke to...
Have you...Uh...
You go.
What happened
at the station,
I know you just think
it was angry me,
looking for a fight.
No, I don't think that.You don't think that?
No.
I think you were...
You were fighting
to get to the truth
and I think
they were standing
in the way.
For both of us.
Does this mean you wanna
keep investigating?
I think
we have to, Joe.
Look, something
wasn't sitting
right with me.
It just didn't
make sense.
So, I read through
all of Wolverine's posts,
and they're eloquent
and powerful.
Randy is neither.
Yeah. [CHUCKLING]
He couldn't...
He couldn't
dress a field mouse.
Let alone butcher
a grown man.
I think they
have the wrong guy.
And I think
more people will die
if you and I
don't keep at it.
The problem is,
if he didn't do it,
then who did?
Maybe we're asking
the wrong question.What do you mean?
Well, asking
"who" the killer is
has gotten us nowhere.
What about "why"?
Why is someone
framing Randy
as Wolverine?
What did he do?
What did
Frank and Wally do?
Who did they piss off?
Who do they
owe money to?
What do they know?
You're so damn good,
you know that?
What?
What do you mean?
Solving cases.
Solving me.
Looking like that.
What do we do now?
What do I wanna do?
[BOTH LAUGH]
[CHUCKLES SHEEPISHLY]
I guess...
I could go to Cheyenne.
I'll see if anyone
at Game and Fish
had it out for Randy.
Okay, I'll talk
to Blaire.
See if she'll walk me
through Frank's
last days.
Maybe she can remember
if he was in
any kind of trouble.Mmm.
Let's catch this guy.
HANK: I mean did you hear
him squealing when
Barnum grabbed him?
It was louder
than the gunshots.
[MIMICKING RANDY]
"It wasn't me. [WHIMPERING]"
Yeah, and I knew
Pope was a criminal.
I've been saying
that for years.
All bureaucrats are.
Game wardens
are just thieves
out for our money.
And now we know
they're murderers, too.
You know, I don't doubt
that ass-hat Joe Pickett
was Randy's accomplice.
Three cheers
to whatever hunter
stuck those elk heads
on the Picketts'
fence. Eh?
Whoo!
Three cheers
to that coward.
And three more cheers
to that coward's fans.
[SLURPS]
You calling me a coward?
Yes.
And I'd like
to add asshole
and degenerate
and sicko to the list
because my grandkids
were inside that house.
Good.
I hope they saw.
I hope they have
nightmares about it.
[THUDS][SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
Learn how
to talk to a lady.
[GROANING]
Enjoy the payday.
'Cause it's your last.
Or did you forget
who owns this bar?
This isn't a bar.
This is a bathroom stall!
Come on, Derek.
These cretins
do not deserve us.
[PATRONS CLAMORING]
Your family tree
should be just as unique
and special as you are.
Very nice, Julie.
April, that's
a very nice tree,
but we present tomorrow.
I think you should
move on to pictures.
Oh! So nice.
Oh! So colorful.
Wow. Very good.
NEWSCASTER: ...Wyoming Game
and Fish Department...[DOORBELL RINGS]
...Randy Pope
has been arrested.
He is a suspect
in the murders
of five hunters.
[SNIFFLES]
Oh, Marybeth.
I'm sorry
for the intrusion.
Do you mind
if I come in
for a minute?
It's no intrusion.
Please.Thank you.
Come in.
There.
Thank you.
You want
something to drink?
There's wine.
Or I'm sure
I could find some water
around here someplace.
Water would be fine,
thank you.
I'm sure you're glad
this is all over.
I don't know about "glad."
It's good they got
that bastard behind bars.
Of course.
Now we just
have to make sure
he stays there.
Thank you.
Why wouldn't he stay?
Well, to...
To get a conviction,
they'll need
to prove a motive.
Otherwise...
He could walk.
What are you,
some sort of
a district attorney now?
No, just
a concerned
citizen, friend.
Trying to make sure
this goes the way
it should. That's all.
Can you think
of any reason
that Randy would
want to hurt Frank?
Because he's a psychopath.
Do you think it
maybe could have been
something personal
between the two of them?
There are some bad people
in this world, Marybeth.
Evil people.
And it's... It's hard
for honest folks like us
to imagine that it's true.
But it is.
It's just
the nature of Frank's death,
it was so extreme.
I'm not sure
what you think
you're getting at
but my husband
was a wonderful man.
Even good people
can make enemies, Blaire.
Oh, you were right.
This... This is
an intrusion.
I'm... I'm actually
feeling rather tired.
I'm sure you understand.
Of course.
I'm sure your husband
was a wonderful man.
[PHONE RINGING]
WENDY: Wyoming
Game and Fish Department.
No, Randy
did not kill those people
using taxpayer money.
[MOUTHING]
Yes, I can take
a message for you.
Okay. Thank you.
[PHONE RINGING]
Wyoming Game
and Fish Department.
How may I help you?
No, I don't know
when he'll be back.
They haven't told me yet.
What is your message?
[PHONE RINGING]
Looking for something?[METAL CLINKS]
You shouldn't
sneak up on people.
And you shouldn't be
snooping through
your boss's office.
[SIGHS]
Don't worry.
I'm just busting
your chops.
Besides, you're not
gonna find anything.
Randy is the most
boring person I ever met.
Wendy?
Do you know
if he had any enemies?
Like, anyone
that would benefit
from him being
out of the picture?
You can't swing
a dead cat
without hitting
one of Randy's enemies.
Even his friends
seem to hate him.
Really?
What do you mean?
Well, about a month ago
Randy and his buddy,
Warren Tucker,
had a huge
shouting match right here.
Warren Tucker? As in...
Yeah. The serial killer's
second victim.
I don't know what
he was on about,
but he was angry.
And loud.
Huh...
That's helpful. Thanks.
[PHONE RINGING]
If you really
wanna thank me,
get the Governor
to reopen the season.
These hunters are ready
to mount my head
on the wall.
Which honestly,
doesn't sound
too bad right now.
[RINGING CONTINUES]
[RINGING STOPS]
WENDY: Wyoming Game
and Fish Department.
How may I help you?
Yes, I can take a message.
No, I don't know
when he'll be back.
I just told you.
What is your message?
Okay. Thank you.
[PHONE RINGING]
WENDY: Wyoming Game
and Fish Department.
How may I help you?
Look at you.
You're new.
Nice work.
Hey, call me back.
I think I found a lead.
It looks like Randy
was doing some hunting
or he had some help.
I'll, uh, I'll explain
when I get home.
Okay. I love you.
[PHONE DISCONNECTS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Why won't you leave?
Because you won't let me.
There's something
in the road.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[GASPS]
[WOLVES HOWLING]
Nate and I worked special ops
together back in the day.
The unit was
called Mark V.
Top secret, of course.
And I'm guessing
you were the muscle
and Nate was
the pretty boy?
[LAUGHS]
I like you.
I like her.
Nate was a JOAT operator.
Jack of all trades.
You could drop him
behind enemy lines
with a flashlight
and a hunting knife,
he'd find his way back
with a necklace made of ears.
What kind of missions
involve ripping people's
ears off?
ROBBIE: The kind where
after enough of them,
you start to wonder
who you're really
fighting for.
That's why we left.
And your private
little NSA here?
Well, just 'cause
I'm retired
doesn't mean
the bad guys are.
I monitor
government databases,
listen to chatter,
pull phone records.
Whatever I need to do to stay
a few feet ahead of them.
Pulling phone records?
That's illegal surveillance.
Just 'cause it's illegal
doesn't make it wrong.
And vice versa.
Worst things I ever did
were in the name of the law.
Yeah. I just realized
that I'm not hungry.
Does this bunker
have a restroom?
[LAUGHING]
Oh. Hell no.
Hey, I tried to reach
the other brothers.
But never heard
anything back.
You?
Hmm.
Nunez drove
his car off a bridge.
Sweeney took a bullet
in a home invasion
gone wrong.
McCarthy's just
straight-up MIA.
Man, I was hoping
you would have
some information.
NATE: Three weeks ago,
I was attacked
in Montana, unprovoked.
I didn't know
what to think then, but...
I found this.
All of those names,
all in there.
Plus you, me,
Big Merle.
I had my suspicions,
but this makes it
pretty clear.
ROBBIE: This is a hit list.
Nemecek.
It's gotta be him.
I don't know
who else it could be.
Somebody's cleaning house.
Taking out all the old-timers?
It's not just old-timers
on this list.
Who's Joe Pickett?
A friend, and that's
what I'm telling you, man.
The connection is me.
Cricket Ludlow.
I'm so sorry.
All those deaths,
our brothers,
it's my fault.
No. It's not your fault.
But it is your burden.
Now, I don't know
what happened
between you and Nemecek,
but I do know this.
He is not going to rest
until he takes out you
and everyone on this list.
[NATE SIGHS]
Any advice
for an old friend?
Be careful who you trust.
Knowing Nemecek,
he's probably got someone
planted close to you already.
A sleeper agent? Where?
Wherever you call home.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hey.Hey, you're back.
I just got
your voicemail.
I'm guessing Blaire
gave you a lead?
The opposite, actually.
She stonewalled me.
And when I asked her
if Frank could have
done anything to Randy,
she nearly threw me
out of the house.
That's a bit suspicious.
I thought so, too,
so I spent the day
digging through their files.
Look at this.
What is it?
It's an invoice
for Dan Garrett's
funeral expenses,
paid for by Frank's
Bull Grove Foundation.
Frank paid for
Dan Garrett's funeral?
He sure did,
and it wasn't cheap.
These guys were close.
You know, Randy
and Warren Tucker
were, too.
They got into some big fight
right after Dan Garrett died.
Frank knew Dan...Mmm-hmm.
...and Randy knows
Warren and Wally Conway?
We've been looking
at these murder victims
like they were
lone wolves.
But what if
they were a pack?
A pack doing what?
Well, people think
that packs and herds
they're the same,
living together like a family.
But they're not.
With packs, they don't
shelter together,
they don't raise
their young together.
In the wild,
wolves only come
together for one thing.
To hunt.
[SIGHS]
Hi.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Okay.
[SIGHS]I guess you probably
have to wake up early.
I do.
Okay.
Talk about
anything interesting?
No. Just catching up
on old times.
Hell of a guy, right?[CHUCKLES]
So no talk
of any hit lists
with my name on it?
Really? No response?
You didn't think
I deserved to know
that a squad
of special ops psychos
were gunning
for my head?
I just... I just didn't
want you to panic, Cricket.
That's not your choice
to make.
[SCOFFS]
You know
what's pathetic?
I actually thought
you had a good reason
for disrespecting
me like this.
I just don't want...
What?
Go on.
I'm a cop, Nate.
Not a little princess.
You know, I've done
so much emotional work
trying to figure you out.
And I've realized
what it is.
You tell the world
you're alone
because it's made you
too dangerous.
But really, you're alone
because you're just selfish.
I'll sleep
in the hammock.
Tomorrow I'm going
back to Saddlestring.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[EXCLAIMS IN FRUSTRATION]
Honey.
I know you said
you felt like
there was a pane
of glass between us.
But I want you to know,
I'm right here.
I know.
Thanks.
MARYBETH: April!
The bus is gonna
be here any minute.
Hello.
You in there?
What's going on, sweetie?
It's time to get up,
get dressed.
Can't go to school today.
I'm sick.
Okay.
You don't have
a temperature.
Is there another reason
you don't wanna
go to school?
No. I told you. I'm sick.
[COUGHING]
You know I love you
very much, right?
Mmm-hmm.
But you still
have to go to school.
Come on, hon.[WHINES]
Okay? Get that
rear in gear, kiddo.
[WHINES]
I know why you don't
want to go to school.
I don't know
any other names.
I can't have just two.
Why don't you just
add us to your tree?
You didn't
put me on yours.
I don't blame you.
I wouldn't want me either.
[SIGHS]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY]
You look stunning.
Well, anyone would
look stunning
next to other patrons
in cargo shorts.
You know, when you said
you knew a classy joint,
I was thinking
filet mignon,
not filet-o-fish.
If it isn't the best burger
you have ever had,
I will eat my hat.
Oh. That might be
a better meal.
Well, how about this?
After today, until forever,
you can pick where we dine.
Derek, it's been fun,
but this is not
going to last forever.
Why not?
Because now that
I've lost my job,
I cannot be
running around
having fun.
I have expenses,
and I've got to stop
thinking with my heart
and start thinking
with my handbag.
And unfortunately, Derek,
you're poor.
Well, Emerson said,
"Without a rich heart,
wealth is an ugly beggar."
That's what
plastic surgery's for.
[LAUGHS]
You're so funny.
You are. You know that?
You make me laugh.
I do like that
you have read Emerson.
Kyle liked to brag
that he had never
read an actual book.
Well, I think you'll find
not all us country boys
are like Kyle McLanahan.
There's plenty I would do
that he wouldn't.
Like take you dancing.
This weekend.
Missy, I look real good
on the dance floor.
Yeah? [LAUGHS]I do.
Well, first, let me try
this amazing burger.
And you need to know
I will be having
the onion rings for
an additional $1.50.
I think I can swing that.
Wow.
I hope you're here to tell me
hunting season is open.
That or write me a check
for all the business I lost.
I just got some questions
for you about Randy Pope.
Oh, yeah?
What about?
Well, I know
you did some work
for him a few weeks back
and I was just wondering
if anyone came in with him.
Well, who's to say
I did a job for him?
Well, I saw the mount.
No one does work
as well as you.
You might want
to lower the quality
if you don't want people
to know that it's yours.
I don't talk about
my clients or their game.
Store policy.
Hmm. What about
covering for killers?
That store policy, too?
I had nothing to do
with those murders.
All right?
Look, this job
requires discretion
and I got a reputation
to maintain.
So you can either
arrest me for something,
or you can find the door.
OLIVER: Hey,
you can't be back here.
Why?
Because of all
the illegal mounts
that you're making here?
Oh, bullshit.
Well, the mount
I saw in Randy's office,
it's a bighorn sheep.
Only a handful of permits
are given out each year
for bighorns.
Randy didn't have one.
I checked.
Which means you're
working poached game.
Now, I didn't come in here
to shut you down, Oliver,
but if you don't start
answering my questions,
that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
Randy Pope
is a game warden.
I assumed he was up to code.
I'm gonna give you
one more chance.
I want you
to think about it.
Is Randy's privacy
worth everything
that you've built in here?
Think about it.
All right. Fine.
Randy is a regular.
Okay.
Comes by once a year.
Same time every year.
Did he bring anyone
in here with him?
No. But this year
he left this.
What?Right here.
JOE: Dan Garrett,
Warren Tucker,
Wally Conway,
Frank Urman, Randy Pope.
Hank Scarlett?
And that is
the Scarlett tree!
What a wonderful,
intimate portrait
you painted, Julie.
Thank you.
Such important history.
Guys.
[ALL APPLAUDING]
All right. Who would
like to go next?
April, how about you?
April?
Miss, can I go next?
This is my family.
Grandma Missy.
She absolutely hates
being called Grandma.
My dad.
He's a game warden.
He helps take care of animals.
Then there's my mom.
She's the toughest
person I know.
This is my
little sister, Lucy.
She's a people person,
like my mom.
This is
my new sister, April.
I feel so lucky
to have a new sister.
Someone to share
everything with.
The good and the bad.
I wish I had something
sexier to offer you.
You could do worse
than a little Spam
for the road.
[CHUCKLES]
Thanks, brother.
Stay safe, huh?
Come on.
What's the fun
in that?
Good luck.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm sorry
about last night.
Don't care.
You were right
about everything.
See previous comment.
And I have one last
confession to make.
[SIGHS]
There was another reason
I brought you out here.
Is that so?
What is that?
Take a look.
Are these
Marissa Left Hand's
phone records?
Completely untraceable.
Robbie's a genius
with this stuff.
That's illegal.
Good thing you didn't
pull them yourself, huh?
If this is you starting
an apology tour,
FYI, you have
a long way to go.
I know. I also know
it's a long ride
to Saddlestring.
[SIGHS]
So this is the wolf pack?
Four of them
are dead.Mmm-hmm.
And one's in jail.
If there was
any doubt
that they were
up to no good,
Hank Scarlett pretty much
wipes that out.Yeah.
This is confirmation
of everything we suspected.
Well, these guys
either did something
or they know something.
And now someone's
snuffing them out
man by man.
So what do we do?
Tell Barnum?
No.[SIGHS]
All we got is a photo.
I mean, he'll just
shut us down
unless we find out
what they did.
So then what?
I don't want you
confronting Hank.
He's dangerous.
You have no idea
what he'd do
if his back was
against the wall.
There is one other option.
What?
Seeing this is shaking
something loose.
It's a story
that I heard once
about a group of hunters
got themselves
into something bad,
I don't remember all of it,
but something tells me
it's connected
to what's going on now.
Okay. Well, who
told you the story?
Well, that's the problem.
[DOOR OPENS]
[GUARDS SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[DOOR BUZZING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Joe Pickett,
what took you so long?